Fix shapes demo installation path (#102)
eProsima/Micro-XRCE-DDS-docs: docs/shapes_demo.rst

`ShapesDemo <https://github.com/eProsima/ShapesDemo>`_ is an interactive example for testing how *eProsima Fast RTPS* working in the `DDS Global Data Space`.
Because *eProsima Micro XRCE-DDS* aims to connect an `XRCE Client` to the `DDS World`, in this example, we will create a *Client* which will interact with the `Shapes Demo`.

> It can be found at `bin/ShapeDemoClient` inside of the installation directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be found at `examples/ShapesDemo/ShapeDemoClient` inside of the build directory.
```
